he's free to go
i play eddie palmer who comes back home
from 12 years
of being in prison to find everything
a bit different you just got to get
yourself back
out there so many people are just
discarded after they come out of prison
you're all usa player two years in a row
yes sir if i can't get a job sweeping
floors what am i supposed to do
while trying to find myself i stumble
upon sam there's something
seriously wrong with that kid i think i
can spice that up oil
his mama took off again sam's mother is
battling a pretty
extreme drug addiction you wouldn't know
where shelly is i mean your guess is as
good as mine
you sure you can't hang on to them for a
little bit longer
hey palmer you have this
kid who's just content in being who he
is cheers he's just does what feels
natural he
dresses a certain way he's very
comfortable in his own skin
quite an outfit my character sees that
he can
make a difference in this child's life
you think maybe we ought to put
something else in there today grab that
loaf of bread
and finds his way through that action
sam i'm doing good
huh real good
this boy gives palmer self-esteem really
palmer gives this boy
a father who did this to you sam
it's okay you can tell us
it's about the possibility of someone
who through adversity can come out the
other side
and be better for it i know what it
feels like to be left alone i will not
abandon that boy this is a story about
redemption acceptance and love second
chances are possible and you can be
whoever you want to be
truth is i haven't felt like i was good
at anything
in a long time until sam
[Music]
you